doc: fix typo in `technical-priorities.md` (#41694)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/technical-priorities.md

the behavior of Node.js applications as well as ensuring there are well
supported tools to implement those processes (logging, metrics and tracing).
This includes support within the Node.js runtime itself (for example

> generating heapdumps, performance metrics, etc.) as well as support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generating heap dumps, performance metrics, etc.) as well as support for
```
